README.rst, before:

..
    Copyright (C) 2021 Storm Project.

    storm-reprozip is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the MIT License; see LICENSE file for more details.

================================
 Storm Reprozip utility library
================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green
        :target: https://github.com/storm-platform/storm-reprozip/blob/master/LICENSE
        :alt: Software License

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
        :target: https://github.com/psf/black

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-maturing-blue.svg
        :target: https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#maturing
        :alt: Software Life Cycle

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/storm-reprozip.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/storm-reprozip

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/tag/storm-reprozip/storm-reprozip.svg
        :target: https://github.com/storm-platform/storm-reprozip/releases

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/discord/689541907621085198?logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8
        :target: https://discord.com/channels/689541907621085198#
        :alt: Join us at Discord

About
=====

Utility library to facilitate the use of Reprozip in the Storm web services.

- Free software: MIT license;
- Documentation: https://storm-reprozip.readthedocs.io/

Commit message:

rename project (Closes #6) and introduce the reana executor for reprozip descriptors

README.rst, after:

..
    Copyright (C) 2021 Storm Project.

    storm-job-reana is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the MIT License; see LICENSE file for more details.

==================================
 Storm Job Plugin - Reana Executor
==================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green
        :target: https://github.com/storm-platform/storm-reprozip/blob/master/LICENSE
        :alt: Software License

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
        :target: https://github.com/psf/black

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-maturing-blue.svg
        :target: https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#maturing
        :alt: Software Life Cycle

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/storm-reprozip.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/storm-reprozip

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/tag/storm-reprozip/storm-reprozip.svg
        :target: https://github.com/storm-platform/storm-reprozip/releases

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/discord/689541907621085198?logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8
        :target: https://discord.com/channels/689541907621085198#
        :alt: Join us at Discord

About
=====

Storm Job Plugin to allow the experiment reproduction using the `Reana <https://reanahub.io/>_` services.

- Free software: MIT license;
- Documentation: https://storm-job-reana.readthedocs.io/
